Vol. 30, No. 7 May 17 - 23, 12 pages Free Circulation PHONE : / WEBSITE : EMAIL : YOUR NEIGHBOURHOOD NEWSPAPER Hundreds of people, mostly women, participated in the Chithirai Pournami celebration at Sri Mundagakanni Amman Temple, Mylapore on May 12 morning. They carried milk pots in a procession and then offered the milk for abishekam at the temple.

MYLAPORE TIMES May 17 - 23, 2 Mylapore Times is published every Saturday, is given free in the Mylapore area and has a circulation of 25,000 copies. Editorial & Publishing Office: 77, C. P. Ramaswamy Rd., Alwarpet, Chennai -18 Phone: Office/Advt. Editorial/Advt. Email IDs : (Adverts) Readers are recommended to make appropriate enquires before entering into dealings with advertisers who advertise in this publication. The Editor and Publisher does not vouch any claims made by advertisers and hence shall not be held liable for any adverse consequences. Mylapore Times is not responsible for any unsolicited materials received at its office. Editor & Publisher	 - Vincent D’Souza Community Reporter - Baskar Seshadri Internet Design, Input		 - C. Parameshvaran - M. Madhan Kumar - S. Prema

Advertising Executive - R. Kathiravan - M. Shanthi Office Staff - S. Neelaveni Office Assistant - S. Kumar n Have info to share here?

Old Furniture, Sofaset, Cot, Bureau, Dining Set, UPS, AC, Computer, Laptop, Batteries, Water Heater, All Electrical items. TV, Fridge, Old Aluminum Partition, All Gym Items, All A to Z Scraps Two Wheeler Any Condition A. K. FURNITURE TWO-DAY COURSE ON GANDHIAN THOUGHT. May 19 & 20 The Chennai based Gandhi Peace Foundation is conducting a two-day course on the essential thoughts of Mahatma Gandhi. The course is to be held on May 19 and 20, from 10am to 4pm, in its office campus (ground floor) at 332, Ambujammal Street,  Alwarpet. In the four, forenoon sessions, participants will get an introduction to Gandhiji’s essential thoughts on education, religion, economics & politics. After the lunch break (simple lunch will be provided), they will have the opportunity to share/listen to personal life experiments of participants. Persons interested may register by paying Rs.100. Limited seats. ONLINE FUN MEETS FOR SENIORS Tehneer Arangam of Dignity Foundation hosts weekly meetings for senior citizens in Alwarpet. This May, the events are held on Zoom / online to save people the trouble of the aches of intense Next week’s programmes will be held in Zoom (online) at 4 p.m. This is the schedule - May 19th Monday - Topic: Which movie is your inspiration and why. 20th Tuesday - Singing for Pleasure (Theme - Love Songs). 21st Wednesday - Topic: What are you Afraid of. 22nd Thursday - Topic: Astrology by Vasudeva Panicker. 23rd Friday - What superpower would you have for one day Registration is free. Contact - , File photo of a Tehneer Arangam event MADRAS NATURALISTS Madras Naturalists Society ( MNS) is hosting an event on May 17, starting 6 pm at a hall in the Alumni Club of Anna University on Boat Club Road, R. A. Puram. Here, MNS will felicitate two senior people - Dr. R. Bhanumathi for her new book on Moths and S. Chandrasekaran for his book on Vultures. Contact - MNS secretary Vijay Kumar - Pooja Mosquito Net S S Mesh Window Aluminium Window &

MYLAPORE TIMES May 17 - 23, 3 There was a mistake in the page 1 caption of Mylapore Times dated May 10. The football coach’s name is M. Ravi Kumar. By Our Edit Team Church on St has been shut. lows a notice Corporation for an order by the Court that the some structures in its campus were unauthorised since they did not have the requisite building permissions, and that they must be demolished. Church-goers told Mylapore Times that Masses on Sunday last were held and that they were told that the church will be shut ‘temporarily’ from Sunday night. They also showed a communication from the archbishop, Rev. George Antonysamy that the church would be temporarily closed, that parishioners must attend religious services at other churches and that the pastoral council of the church and other bodies ‘cease to exist’. This note has been stuck on the main door of represent the diocese said that legal steps are being taken to address An ugly situation was witnessed at the Bishop’s House in San Thome last week, when a group of people, said to be parishioners of the Abiramapuram church, staged a protest against the diocese and archbishop.  Following this, Rev. Antonysamy issued the ‘church closure’ order. The heritage, small church in the same campus is also locked as is the office and residence of the parish priest. Some weeks ago, GCC had sealed the structure that was to be a grotto and bell tower on this campus, saying that the church did not have requisite permission to construct this. People of the area and outside who visit the church campus now pray at the statues of Mary and leave. Church on St Mary’s Road shut ‘temporarily’ by diocese Locked main door of the Church The Mylapore Academy is hosting a ‘Shradhanjali’ for chartered accountant V. Jayaraman of Mandaveli who passed away May 5.’ This event is on May 20, 6 pm at the mini hall at Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan. Some leading lights like Justice S. Jagadeesan are expected to speak at this Open to all. for V. Jayaraman

MYLAPORE TIMES May 17 - 23, By VINCENT D’ SOUZA How do you convert discarded flowers at temples into fragrant This past week, this is the story that has reached me. And its roots are in the annual Mylapore Festival which I curate and direct on the eve of the Pongal festival, fully supported by Sundaram This street cultural festival may be for four days in January but its threads run through the year. Last week, for example, I bounced the idea of designing a Harikatha-like performance which can involve a bunch of 8 /10 children, themed on folk and contemporary tales which could interest audiences in a school or at a small, cosy venue at the edition of the Mylapore Festival. And then, there are ideas that trigger at the Festival and that is where the sambrani story is pegged. Now, Malathy who runs Munnetram Trust in Mogappair was one of the 25-odd self-help groups who participated in the Festival this January. For some 15-plus years, I have collaborated with the TN Women’s Development Corporation to host SHG women at the Bazaar we lay out alongside the tank of Sri Kapali Temple. Mandaveli’s Ganga Sridhar, who volunteered to network for our Festival, kept in touch with Malathy long after the event was over and brought her to a recent Earth Day event held in R. A. Puram where Malathy led a workshop on sustained, eco-products-making. The community of local residents’ associations also inspired and worked along with Malathy to convert flowers left over at one temple in Mylapore to make sambrani, helped her to package it smartly and brand it. The Earth Day and Malathy stories took me to the topic of Residents’ Welfare Associations (RWAs). A large and diverse  neighbourhood like Mylapore is poor as far as RWA histories is concerned. Only a few are hyper-active. A few are letter-head driven. A few have annual or soft events. And one or two are sustained by self-entered people to ingratiate with elected people, local state agency staff and the like. This has to change. For, RWAs can do an awful lot for Perhaps, small activities can be easy starters to get residents involved. How about pooling garden waste locally and recycling it at a pit ‘loaned’ from Chennai Corporation at a park or a playground? How about asking the local councillor to host a gram sabha meet, attending it where you can present local issues and discuss doable projects? The presence of even five or seven residents makes How about taking a simple survey and recording data on senior citizens in the colony, networking via WhatsApp, sharing critical contacts and information, and hosting a fun meet-up at the local park once a month? And if there is a RWA whose members may want to learn the skills that people like Malathy have mastered, which will help some people make and sell sambrani and soaps locally,  I am sure Malathy will be glad to hold a workshop. E-MAIL your letters to - . Provide full name and short address. This column also contains comments posted on our social media pages. LETTERS FROM READERS VINCENT’s JOTTINGS Adikesava Perumal temple’s new ther goes on first veedhi ula (Oct. 28 - Nov. 3, ) The Adikesava Perumal Temple’s new ther completed its first veedhi ula on October 22. The route covered Chitrakulam West and North Soliappa Mudali Street, before it returned to the temple. Measuring 27 feet in height and 11 feet in width, the chariot was made at Thirumazhisai. It cost Rs. 7.5 crore, said K. Sridhar, the temple’s treasurer. Architects Rangachariar and Thandavachariar and those who had a hand in the construction were honoured on the occasion. Police arrest purohit for theft (Oct. 28–Nov.3, ) By Sumathy Sudhakar The arrest of Mylapore’s Mahalingam Sastrigal created quite a stir. He was arrested on charges of theft. Inspector Murali of the Abiramapuram Police Station said that Mahalingam led a clean life till he got into gambling, where he lost heavily. He then began approaching rich families that knew him and requested to stay overnight, which offered him the opportunity to steal. Stolen property was recovered from Erode, Salem and Madurai - at all gambling haunts. Mahalingam was arrested in West Mambalam. National gold for Vivekananda College NCC officer (Oct. 28–Nov. 3, ) Under Officer Anand Balaji Puthran of Vivekananda College NCC was awarded the Director General NCC Gold Medal at a camp in Khammam. He was selected as the AllIndia Best Cadet at this advanced level leadership camp for –’96. Led by him, the Tamil Nadu Directorate drill contingent won the Championship Trophy. Blue, green or red mail boxes, all mean the same at R A Puram PO (Oct. 28–Nov. 3, ) About a month ago, a new blue post box was set up at the R A Puram Post Office. This box was for letters to metros, which would get delivered the next day itself. The box was to be cleared thrice a day. After a month, Ramamurthi, a resident of the area noticed that a woman employee who collects the mails from the blue, green and red boxes put them all together in one bag! On being questioned, some employees confessed to mixing the mails. Post Master Kailasam has promised to look into the matter. Free counselling for ‘socially stressed persons’ (Oct. 28–Nov. 3, ) Alwarpet resident Brinda Jayaraman has started Anchor Self-Help Access. The centre offers free professional counselling to weak and socially stressed persons. Her focus is on widows, spinsters, terminally ill and their relatives, adolescents, parents of mentally retarded children, alcoholic women and drug addicts. Brinda holds an MA in psychology. She has worked at Sivasankari’s Agni Trust and at the de-addiction centre at Naadahakkaran celebrates sixth anniversary (Oct. 28 – Nov. 3, ) Mandaveli-based drama troupe Naadahakkaran is celebrating its sixth anniversary on October 29. It will also celebrate the golden jubilee of Bombay Kannan’s play Iru Veedu Oru Vaasal. Justice K. S. Bhaktavatsalam of the Karnataka High Court will preside over the function. Naadahakkaran operates from Devanathan Street. MYLAPORE REWIND This column carries excerpts from Mylapore Times, onwards. This week, we focus on Oct. - Nov., l This column is curated by Kanaka Cadambi. Under Officer Anand Balaji Puthran of Vivekananda College NCC unit ( seen on left) l Refer your report in Mylapore Times dated May 5, titled “Tense Morning at Church Premises on St. Mary’s Road”. This is a textbook example of journalistic dereliction. It is a puff piece that obscures judicial findings, trivializes land encroachment, and romanticizes lawlessness in the garb of heritage and faith. The state officials were at the church following a Madras High Court order. The court found that the main church building, grotto and bell tower were constructed without statutory approvals on government poramboke land— public land meant for communal benefit, not private religious expansion. The church ‘forged’ documents to justify illegal constructions. These forgeries were exposed in court. The casual mention that the church was “built without obtaining all required permissions” should not be a side note—it is a central criminal issue. It’s deeply troubling to see a local newspaper, with presumed loyalty to the truth, turn into a mouthpiece for institutional illegality. - Writer of this letter remains l The Church leadership is fiercely fighting to preserve a structure that was illegally built—an edifice raised without proper permits or respect for the law. Rather than acknowledging their wrongdoing or seeking reconciliation, they are rallying the congregation to defend what should never have been erected in the first place. They frame it as a spiritual attack, twisting the narrative to paint themselves as persecuted saints rather than On developments at church in Abiramapuram Sukha Nivas: loads of memories n Sad to note the closure of Sukha Nivas restaurant. I have fond memories of Sukha Nivas in the 50s to 70s. Chapathi kurma and masala dosais there used to be very delicious. I remember vendors selling plastic toys for 2’’ to 4’’ annas on the pavement, starting from Sukha Nivas point to Nehru News Mart at the corner. n The Semia bahala bhat at Sukha Nivas used to be so tasty. Miss it. n Sukha Nivas was very often frequented during my Vidya Mandir and Vivekananda College days. Sad that it has closed down ( due to Chennai Metro work). - Vancheeswar V. R.

MYLAPORE TIMES May 17 - 23, Srekala Bharath and members of her Thejas dance group performed at Sri Kapali Temple as part of the annual Vasant Utsav dance festival organised by Saraswathi Educational Cultural and Charitable Trust. The fest was on from May 1 to 11. Mano Baktavatsalam, a prominent  social worker of the city and a Alwarpet / Mylapore resident passed away on May 2. She was 95. Early in life, rather than be just a housewife, Mano Bakthavatsalam chose social service as an avenue to contribute to worthy causes. Consequently she joined many social and cultural organizations including Inner Wheel of Club of Madras, University Women’s Association, Women’s Voluntary Service of Tamil Nadu, Srinivasa Gandhi Nilayam and Raga Tarangini. She was on the committee of The Music Academy, the board of management of the N.K.T Group of educational institutions and the State Social Welfare Board of the government of Tamil Nadu. She was the Under Sheriff of Madras in .  She won many awards including the Margarette Golding Award (the highest award given by International Inner Wheel). She was a connoisseur of Carnatic music and attended kutcheris regularly, her family said. Contact B. Vijay -  K.  Krishnamurthy ( fondly called KK by friends and colleagues) who was closely associated with the Krishnamurti Foundation India (KFI) at its campus in R. A. Puram, passed away on May7, late evening. He was 73 years old. He was with the KFI for over 40 years, having been a keen scholar of the works of philosopher J. Krishnamurti. Using his skills as a journalist and writer, KK was the man behind the release of many publications of KFI and had arranged retreats at this verdant campus off Greenways Road called Vasant Vihar. He also arranged dialogue meets on the campus lawns, handled workshops and was in charge of the  newsletters. Krishnamurthy had worked with The Indian Express and The  Hindu newspapers for many years. Later, he took up full time work for the KFI and resided on this campus. – By Baskar Seshadri a longtime resident of Mylapore at G. N. Chetty Street, passed away on May 8. She was 94. Joyce Ponniah was the third of the four daughters of Prof. B. Bonnel of the Zoology Department of Madras Christian College, Tambaram. She had her graduate and postgraduate education at MCC and soon after became a  lecturer of history at Lady Doak College in Madurai. After her marriage to Crossley Ponniah, who was on the staff of the Reserve Bank of India, she moved to Chennai.  Crossley was a well-known musician and an organist at St. Marks Church at Broadway, and later at the CSI St. Thomas English Church in Joyce Ponniah continued her teaching career at Sir Theagaraya College for Men, at Tondiarpet as professor of history till her retirement. She was a devout Christian, attending church regularly in San Thome as long as she could. She lost her husband in . Her family said she was very generous towards the helpers, and her children enabled her to take care of the helpers’ medical, educational and financial needs. She spent her final years in Tambaram. Joyce Ponniah is survived by a daughter, Dr. Rita Christopher and a son,  Frederick Ponniah. Contact – Joyce Ponniah’s brotherin-law, Angel Ponniah – - By Christleda Ponniah By Meghna J. P. S. Senior Secondary School, taken the initiative to organise community service events for high schoolers, making five hours service compulsory for the completion of each academic The first comtook place at Anna Centenary Library in Kotturpuram  from May 12 to 16. Students who volunteered were split into eight shifts, with each shift lasting three hours—morning and afternoon batches on each of the five days. The library staff assigned work on different floors to groups of students who helped organise and replace books which had been borrowed or used for reading. “This is an exciting initiative by the school, offering students a great hands-on experience,” said Siddharth, a 9th grader. “For 9th graders, this was our first experience, and it was both engaging and fun. It really helps ground students and teaches them responsibility.” l Meghna is attending the Mylapore Times Journalism course this summer P. S. Senior high schoolers lend a hand at Anna Centenary Library

MYLAPORE TIMES May 17 - 23, 6 By Our Edit Team This was an alumni meet with a big difference: the ‘old boys and girls’ brought along their parents and their children to the party. And it turned out to be really unique. The batch of P. S. Senior Secondary School in Mylapore worked hard on the idea and made it happen on March 23. At the end of that day, there were emotional and warm moments to take home and a bag of memories that will remain with those who were present, for a long, long time. The batch of is of 100 students: 60 are active on a WhatsApp group. Some 20 are currently in Chennai, and the rest are all over the world. The batch met in to mark its 25th year of graduation and since then, has been meeting in smaller groups, a few times a year. The batch donated Rs. 32 lakhs to the school to sponsor a scholarship for two bright students who need financial support every year. The school pupil leader of the batch, Navin M. Ram had organised a trip to Thanjavur in December , and a dozen families went on it. Post this trip, the classmates wanted a meetup for their parents as well, as they realised most of their classmates’ parents were living alone in Chennai. The idea caught fire, plans were drawn up and the party was held at the Gandhi Nagar Club in Adyar. Present were 10 batchmates and about 25 parents of the alumni. As the party moved up after a formal launch at noon that day and pleasantries were done, it was rewind time - some alumni and the parents raved about Ms. Alamelu, the then principal of P. S. Senior. Lots of anecdotes were shared by parents who vividly painted pictures of the school rush-hours and the scenes at the school gate, the lively meetings with other parents and the interaction with teachers.

Said one ‘old boy ‘,”This time we could only manage to co-ordinate with the parents of our batchmates who reside in Chennai. There were some 10 people who were above the age of 80 who made it. We even had people in wheel-chairs. This made it really wonderful.” One of the parents present had also worked in the school as a teacher for three decades.  Some of the mothers of the alumni had met each other and knew them well, but all their fathers were meeting each other for the first time. This batch plans to do such meets periodically “to give their classmates’ parents an opportunity to step out and interact with people of their age and also enjoy some fun time.” What made this lunch party a talking point too was the attention that was given to the menu - no onion and garlic, less spices and salt. - This report is based on notes from Akshaya Ashok - she and her twin sister are currently studying in P. S. Senior in grade 12; their mother Jayashree is an alumni of the batch of . TO THE PARTY P. S. Senior idea so that The 25th year Reunion of the batch, held in December at the school campus. IN MYLAPORE TIMES E-mail your: material / artwork / query to -

MYLAPORE TIMES May 17 - 23, 7 Senior mridangam artiste Nellai D. Kannan was felicitated on completing 50 years as a mridangist in the field of classical dance. Bharatanatyam school, Kala Darsana, hosted this event on May 11 at R. R. Sabha. Dance teachers, artistes and well-wishers attended this event. Kala Darsana dancers presented a dance-drama. Mylaporeans are reaching the Mylapore Times Charitable Trust (MTCT) - this fund will meet part of the fees of economically-weak, bright students who move up in senior school or get admitted to colleges this academic This is an annual project of the Trust and it supports about 30 students of the Donations can be made online now / it can also be collected by staff. You may call Mylapore Times office manager ( 11 am to 5 pm) for guidance on how best to make the donation. Tax exemption available. These are last week’s donors - R. Suseela / Mylapore - Rs. . S. Nagaraj / Gopalapuram - Rs. and a anonymous donor -

MYLAPORE TIMES May 17 - 23, 8 C L A S S I F I E D S REAL ESTATE BUYING

l MYLAPORE, CIT Colony, Mandaveli, R.A.Puram, Adyar, T.Nagar, one, two, three bedrooms flat, house, bungalows, any area land owners. Contact J.Sivakumar:

l WANTED 2,3 BHK flat, Mylapore, Mandavali, R.A.Puram, Alwatpet, TTK Road, Gopalpuram. Only owners call: ,

l WANTED 1 to 3 grounds, vacant land or building & two/three bedrooms, posh flats, area Alwarpet, Mylapore, R.A.Puram, Mandaveli, Kotturpuram, Adyar, Besant Nagar, Thiruvanmiyur, to Neelangarai, Kapaleeswarar Nagar to VGP Uthandi, brokers excuse. Contact: P S. Saravanan: REAL ESTATE SELLING

l MYLAPORE, CIT Colony, brand new apartment, sqft, 4 BHK, 5 bath, 2 cover car park, power backup, lift, north facing, 3 balcony, 6.25 crore. Ph: ,

l SAN THOME, ind house, sqft land, built up area sqft, 4BHK, 4bath, 2CCP, service are maid, bath room, store room, 3.90cr. Ph: , l A D YA R , P a d m a n a b h a N a g a r, independence house, sqft land, south east corner (47x51), 6.15cr. Shastri Nagar, sqft land (40 x 90), 40 feet road, price 9.15cr, neg. Ph: l MANDAVELI, Chettinad  School very near, 2BHK, flat, 950 sqft, 22 years old, UDS 640, 3rd floor, south facing, lift, power backup, 1 covered car park, 1.40crores. Ph:

l ALWARPET, Bawa Road, sqft, UDS sqft, 3BHK, 3bath, 2CCP, 4.30cr. Venus Colony, new, sqft, 3BHK, 3bath, 2CCP, price 4.30cr, neg. Ph: l ABIRAMAPURAM, sqft, 3 bedroom, 3 bathroom, 2 floor, lift, UDS sqft, east facing, 24 years, 2CCP, power backup. Ph:

l VACANT land, Ashok Nagar, approved vacant land, sqft, north east, size 40x50, buyers only, Price 5.50cr. Ph: .

l MYLAPORE, TSV Koil Street, 1 BHK, 2nd floor, 454 sqft, excellent ventilation, newly renovated, 2 wheeler parking, 45 lakhs, negotiable, brokers excuse. Contact:

l sqft, independent house, VM Street, near Raymond shop, 40 feet road, 3.50crs, negotiable. Ph: l T NAGAR, near Panagal Park, 3 BHK, sqft, 3rd floor, south, lift, 1CCP, semi furnished, power backup, price 2.70cr. Ph:

l ASHOK Nagar, near Pillar, 4 BHK, sqft, first floor, south, lift, 2CCP, 22 years old, price 2.50cr. Ph: .

l RESALE flat for sale at Mylapore, 3BHK, sqft, north facing, 1.75cr, negotiable. l MYLAPORE, near temple, school, market, 750 sqft, 2BHK, 2nd floor, two years old, lift, covered car parking and good ventilation flat, 1.18 crores. Only owners call: ,

l MANDAVELI, half ground plot with independent house in posh area. Ph:

l MYLAPORE, near Ranga Road, sqft land with sqft, 5 bedrooms, 4 years old, independent, ultra modern house with car parking, calm location, 6crores. S.John: l MANDAVELIPAKKAM, sqft land with building, 6crore. Santhome, sqft land, east facing, 6.50cr. Alwarpet, sqft land with building, good condition, 18cr. Ph:

l MYLAPORE, sqft, 4.50cr. sqft, 2.80cr. Mandaveli, sqft, house 4cr. sqft, 5cr. Flats sqft,sqft, 780sqft, 2.25cr. 1.50cr. 85lakhs. Ph: .

l ALWARPET, built-up area sqft, UDS sqft, east facing, second floor, 2CCP, 22years old, 4.30crs. Ph: l BRAND new, Mylapore, prestigious, sqft, 4 BHK flat, 2CCP, 6.50cr. Alwarpet, Bawa Road, sqft, UDS sqft, 2CCP, 4.30cr, east facing. Ph: l NORTON ROAD, 940 sq.ft., 2 bedroom, UDS 450 sq.ft., CCP, north facing, fully wood work, balcony, 12 years old, Rate 1.50 crore. RA Puram, sq.ft., 2 bedroom, OCP, UDS 940 sq.ft., Rate 1.80 crore. Ph: l THIRUVANMIYUR, Rajaji Nagar, near RTO, 2 BHK, three years old, 870 sq.ft., UDS 400 sq.ft., covered car parking, lift, woodwork, modular kitchen, Price 1 crore, negotiable. l TRIPLICANE, new flat, sqft, 2 BHK, FF, north facing, UDS 353 sqft, 1.35cr. Adyar, new flat, 850 sqft, 2 BHK, 3rd floor, UDS 353 sqft, south facing, lift, CCP, 1.20cr. Mylai, resale flat, 830sqft, 2 BHK, FF, east facing, 30 years, 69 lakhs. 550 sqft, 1 BHK, GF, east facing, UDS 360 sqft, 16years old, 60lakhs.

l ALWARPET, Eldams Road, deluxe flat, sqft, 2 bedroom, 2nd floor with lift, car park, UDS 600sqft, 1.75cr. Charles Realty:

l ADYAR, sq.ft., land, opposite Malar hospital, 30 feet road, east facing, frontage 27 feet, outrate 2 crore, negotiable. Ph: Karthick

l MYLAPORE, near Luz, Nageswara Rao park, 425 sq.ft., ground floor for commercial l ABHIRAMAPURAM, 40X60, 1 ground, old house, Rate 5.75 crore, 42x118, 2 ground, Rate 15.30 crore. Ph:

l MYLAPORE, near Dr. R. K. Salai, residence house for sale, 40 feet road, south east corner, Rs. 18 crores, negotiable. Ph: l MYLAPORE, 980 sq.ft., 2 BHK, semi furnished, CP, lift, UDS 500 sq.ft., Rate 1.20 crores. Sivaswami Salai, individual house, land area, sq.ft., build up area, sq.ft., CCP, 20 years old, Rate 3 crores. Ph:

l R A PURAM, 4 bedroom flat, ground floor and 1st floor, duplex house, sq.ft., UDS sq.ft., Rate 3.50 crores, nego. l MYLAPORE, Bazaar on Main Road, sq.ft., land with old buildings, suitable for any type of commercial use Rate 4.30 crores. Ph: S John: / l MANDAVELIPAKKAM, Norton Road, 680 sq.ft., 2 BHK, Rate 72 lakh, ground floor, 270 sq.ft., UDS, 40 years old, recently fully renovated, look brand new, auditor, advocate office & any commercial purpose suitable l ADYAR, Shastri Nagar, sq.ft., 3 BHK, Rate 2.70 crore, 661 sq.ft., UDS, lift, CCP, security, near LB Road, sq.ft., 3 BHK, Rate 2.80 crore, sq.ft., UDS, lift, CCP, l ALWARPET, sq.ft., 2 BHK, Rate 1.60 crore, lift, OCP, north facing, near CP Ramaswamy Road. Ph: l NEW FLAT, 2 BHK / 3 BHK, Kapali Koil, 830 sq.ft., sq.ft., Rs. 1.2 crore, 2.4 crore. 2 BHK flat, 615 sq.ft., UDS 330 sq.ft., Rs. 65 lakhs. Mylapore, Mandaveli, Norton Street, RA Puram, Triplicane, MRC Nagar, Royapettah, individual, 500 sq.ft., to 10 grounds/ passage property, 300 sq.ft., to 1 ground. Ph: / l FOR sale, property flat, north facing, 2 BHK, 2 bathrooms, 1 CCP, gated community, Tharamani. Contact: Education

l BRIGHT Academy classes for 9th, 10th, 11th & 12th (Maths/Science/Accountancy/ Economics /Physics) CBSE/State /ISC/NIOS, home tuition & online classes also taken. Ph: , , EDUCATION

l ONE-to-one centum assured home tuition, group tuition, online classes 9th,10th,11th,12th Maths/Chemistry /CBSE/ICSE/ISC/NIOS/ IGCSE, taken by professional teachers. Maths: . Chemistry: l TUITION taken online/offline class, LKG to 12th, CBSE/Samacheer/ICSE/IGCSE, Maths, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Computer, Accounts, Languages,12th CBSE, 1st rank, Maths-90, Physics-94, Chemistry-95. 10th CBSE, 1st Rank Maths-98, Science-95, limited seats. Contact: ,

l ONLINE / offline tuitions at CIT Colony, Mylapore, for classes I – V, all Subjects and curriculum, VI - VIII Stds English and Sanskrit. Contact: / The Music Academy Invites applications Part Time Classes Vocal for beginners: (Weekly 2 classes, 4 year course) Candidates who have the standard of singing Varnams will be eligible to join in the INSTRUMENTAL CLASSES: Mridangam: (Weekly 2 classes, 4 year course) Veena: (Weekly 2 classes, 4 year course) Violin: (Weekly 2 classes, 4 year course) Smt. Sweta Balasubramanian and Smt. N. Subasri Veena: Smt. Padma Murali & Dr. Shobhana Swaminathan Violin: Dr. Usha Rajagopalan and Smt. Pavani Mallajosyula School of Percussion, Music Academy Madras Head of Department - Mannarkoil Sri J. Balaji Trivandrum Sri. S. Anand For details contact: 044 – / Applications are being issued at the Music Academy Office from 60th May Last Date for receipt of application forms at Academy Office: 5th June Indian Institute of Education Management Of The Teachers, By The Teachers, For The Teachers Pre Primary Teachers ECCE: Certificate Program 10 days Online E Certificate 1st Jun ’25 to 9th June ‘25 Evening 4 pm to 6 pm Investment: Rs. /- only or the link below Register: http://tiny.cc/ECCE Contact: Classes undertaken here with special attention For IX, X, XI, XII Maths and Business Maths (STATE, CBSE and ICSE boards) and all Engineering, BSC, BCA, MBA, Mathematics papers, at Mylapore near Thiruvalluvar Temple. Contact: V. Dillibabu Msc, Home Tuition Available MYLAPORE TIMES May 17 - 23, 9 C L A S S I F I E D S Women’s Manpower Services l House maid l Helper l Driver l Home Teacher l Cook (Veg & Non Veg) l Baby Sitter l Office boys l Parient care attender l 24 hrs diaper changing services available Service charge is applicable

l WANTED, 1/2/3/4/5 bedrooms flats, houses, bungalows, area Mylapore, Alwarpet, Abiramapuram, R.A.Puram, Mandaveli, Kotturpuram, Adyar, Besant Nagar, Kalakshetra Colony, Shastri Nagar, Karpagam Garden, Padmanaba Nagar, Gandhi Nagar, Kastrubai Nagar, Indira Nagar, Radhakrisnan Nagar, Thiruvanmiyur to Neelangarai. Contact P S Saravanan: .

l WANTED 2 BHK or 3 BHK, with 850 to sq.ft., Mylapore near Railway Station, Mandaveli, R A Puram, Green Ways, Kottur, Kottur gardens, Adyar, Gandhi Nagar, Kasturiba Nagar. Ph: /

l R.A.PURAM, 3 BHK, brand new flat, sqft, first floor, , Mandaveli, Chettinad School, very near, 2 BHK, flat, sqft, ground floor, north facing, . MRC Nagar, 3 BHK, flat, sqft, 6th floor, . Ph:

l MYLAPORE, Ranga Road, 3BHK, 3rd floor, lift, CCP, vegetarians only, Rs.33K. Contact: , visit on Sunday 18th May, brokers excuse.

l MYLAPORE, near Rosary Church Street, 2nd floor, 2 balconies, 3 baths, for veg (or) non veg / 24hrs water, Rent 35K. Contact l TRIPLICANE, next to Ther, 2/3 BHK, Vaastu compliant, sqft, GF, strictly veg, no brokers, rent Rs. . Ph: l MYLAPORE, Chengalneer Pillaiyar Koil Street, near Kapaleeswarar Temple, 1 BHK, 2nd floor, 650 sqft, monthly rent Rs., no broker. Contact Sekar: .

l ALWARPET, near Kauvery Hospital, 4BHK, 1 study, lease, 1.5cr or rent 2 lakhs near TTK Road, 3BHK, 1.7laks. S A Reality:

l NEAR MCTM School, 2BHK, flat with car park, 35K. One BHK, furnished 25K, house 15K, another flat 45K. Mayur Realtors: l MRC Nagar,sqft, 2BHK, . St.Marys Road, sqft, 3BHK, . Eldams Road, sqft, 3 BHK, . Santhome, sqft, 3 BHK, . Contact: l ALWARPET, sqft, 3BHK, 3bath, 1 CCP, 60K. Abiramapuram, sqft, 3BHK, 3bath, 2CCP, 90K. Ph: l 2BHK, Baktavatchalam Salai, 2nd floor, no lift, semi furnished, OCP, veg only, 30K.

l MYLAPORE, Dr.R. K. Salai, new, sqft, opposite Yellow Pages, 3 bedroom, 2nd floor, lift, . sqft, 2nd floor, lift, 2 bedroom, CC parking, 25 lakhs lease. l ALWARPET, near Kauvery Hospital, prime location, spacious, sqft, east, 2BHK, GF flat with car park, semi furnished with ACs, mod kitchen, looking for small working families/bachelors, pm, veg preferred, immediate occupation, brokers excuse. Ph:

l WARREN Road, 2 BHK, 2 bathrooms, 2nd floor, south facing, wood work, 1 open car parking, no lift, rent 35K + maintenance , only vegetarian family. Ph: l MANDAVELI, sqft, 2BHK, CCP, 35K. Abiramapurum, Alwarpet, sqft, 3BHK, CCP, rent 60K. Ph: .

l ADYAR, MG Road, opposite Adyar Ananda Bhavan, 2 BHK, for vegetarians only, second floor, lift, open car parking, including maintenance, 30K. Agent Barani:

l ABIRAMAPURAM, near Citi Bank, deluxe flat, sqft, 3 bedroom, 2nd floor with lift, 2 CCP, veg, rent 60K. Charles realty:

l 2 BHK, 2 bath, flat, 712 sq.ft., 1st floor, 2 wheeler parking, New Street, Mylapore, copious water, near schools, veg only. Ph:

l MANDAVELI, R K Nagar, 2 BHK, for veg family, Rs. . Ph: l NEAR Saibaba Temple, 2 BHK, 2 bath, 2nd floor, 1 OCP, Rs. + maintenance, 812 sq.ft., semi furnished, pooja cabinet, RO, l R A PURAM, sq.ft., 2 BHK, 1st floor, lift, two wheeler parking, Rs., veg only, near Sangeetha Hotel. Ph: Consultant

l R A PURAM, Karpagam Avenue, 3rd Street, independent, ground floor, 3 bedroom house, outside car parking. Contact: l SQ.FT., 3 BHK, R A Puram, car park, 2nd Main Road, 1st floor, only vegetarians. l ROYAPETTAH, near Vidya Mandir, DAV, Church Park, 1 BHK, 15K to 20K, 2 BHK, 22K to 30K, 3 BHK, 55K to 75K, 4 BHK, 90K, bachelors, 1 BHK, Rs. 15K, boys & girls, advance, Rs. 50K. Ph: Chettiar Real Estate

l BEHIND Nageswara Park, out house, bedroom cum hall, separate toilet & bathroom, Rent , New No. 18, Old No. 42, 3rd Street, East Abhiramapuram, 6 month advance. Contact: l MANDAVELI, near railway atation, 2 BHK flat, south facing, sq.ft., 2nd floor, CCP, Rent 35K, advance 10 month, no lift. Ph:

l MYLAPORE, Salai Street, 3 BHK flat, sq.ft., 2nd floor, 3 bath, no lift, 1 covered car park, Rent , north facing. Ph:

l R A PURAM, 3 BHK, individual house, 2 portions, ground floor & first floor, near Heaven Green supermarket, car park, modular kitchen, marbonite flooring. Ph: l 1 BHK, 350 sq.ft., independent house, 2nd floor, R A Puram, Rent , advance, Rs. , immediate occupation, good ventilation, 24 hrs water. Ph: l MANDAVELI, near Bus Stand, 450 sq.ft., 2nd floor, 1 bedroom, Rs. 15K, bachelors. 2 bedroom, 800 sq.ft., 1st floor, Rs. 25K. sq.ft., ground floor, 4 bedroom, Rs. 50K. Godown, TTK Road, 3 bedroom, sq.ft., Rs. 43K. Ph: / l R A PURAM, individual house, sq.ft., 4 BHK, CP, residential, commercial, godown, Rs. . Mylapore, new apartment, sq.ft., 2 BHK, lift, Rs. . sq.ft., 3 BHK, CP, Rs. . 800 sq.ft., 2 BHK, Rs. l NEAR, Vidya Mandir school, brand new, 2 BHK, with lift, CCP, north facing and veg, Bank / IT, Rs. 29K, inspection only Sunday. Ph: Agent / l MYLAPORE, karaneeswarar Pagoda Street, ground floor, 3 bedroom, hall, kitchen, 1 toilet, 1 bathroom, only vegetarian, ready to l NEAR Kapaleeswarar Temple, one bedroom, Rent , 24 hrs water, good ventilation, EB direct, vasthu, veg only. Ph: l ABIRAMPIRAM, sq.ft., 3 bedroom, CCP, genset, 4 AC, Rs. , north facing, PS Senior near, sq.ft., 2 bedroom, CCP, Rs. , sq.ft., 3 bedroom, CCP, Rs. . Ph: / l ALWARPET, 2 BHK flat, sq.ft., for execute a 4 person bachelor can share / family, Rent 40K. Ph: Narendran l WARRAN ROAD, near Tulsi Silk, sq.ft., 3 bedroom, CCP, Rs. . VidyaMandir, sq.ft., 4 bedroom, CCP, genset, AC, Rent 1 lakes. Ph: l MYLAPORE, near Vidhya Mandir school, independent house, 2 BHK, sq.ft., 2nd floor, OCP, balcony, Rs. 26K+, maintenance. Ph: l NEAR Hari Shree Vidyalayam,  new 2 bedroom, sq.ft., second floor, lift, CCP, power backup, Rs. , near Chaitanya school, 2 bedroom, sq.ft., lift, CCP, power backup, Rs. . Ph: l MYLAPORE, near Rosary Matric school, opposite sq.ft., 3 BHK, ground floor, semi furnished,  OCP,  Rent 35K. l R A PURAM, near Chettinad Vidyashram, 3 BHK, luxury apartments, fully furnished, Rate 1.25 lakhs. Ind-house 2 & 3 BHK, Rate 1 lakhs, 2 BHK, Rs. . St. Marys Road, 2 BHK, 40 lakhs for lease. Ph:

l RENT @ R K Nagar Harishree Vidyalaya school, very close, 2 BHK, new flat, 2nd floor with car park ,lift, CCTV, door log camera system, security. Ph: Bala

l INDIVIDUAL house, G+1, sq.ft., with car parking for rent at School View Road, R A Puram. Contact: l MYLAPORE, Santhome, MRC Nagar, 1 BHK, 2 BHK and 3 BHK, Rs. , Rs. , Rs. , Rs. , ground, 1st and 2nd floor. Ph: / l MYLAPORE, near Nageshwara Park, only bachelors, small room, 1 BK, Ayyappa flats, two wheeler parking, rent Rs. . Contact:

l ALWARPET, individual house, 1st floor, sq.ft., 3 BHK, Rs. 55K, R k Salai, 3 BHK, Rs. 60K. CIT Colony, sq.ft., 2 BHK, CCP-1, guest house, Rs. 70K. Ph: Ramesh

l HOUSE for rent, Professor Sanjeevi Street, Mylapore, ground floor, 2 BHK, 800 sq.ft., Rs. , 1st floor. Duplex 3 BHK, sq.ft., Rs. , 1 car + two wheeler parking. l MYLAPORE, 2 BHK flat, Rs.20K, Mylapore, Mandaveli, RA Puram, Triplicane, 2 BHK, 3 BHK, Rs. 35K, 45K, 60K. Lease, 2 BHK flat, 25 lakhs. Ph: / RENTAL / COMMERCIAL

l NORTH facing, office space in first floor, 100 sqft and in second floor, two cabins with mini hall 600 sqft, available in prime location, Mylapore. Contact: l KAPALEESWARAR South Mada Street, commercial, approved, first floor, hall sqft, 30’ frontage, new construction, lift, opposite Union bank. Ph: l EAST Abiramapuram, sqft, hall type, 3 bathrooms, ground floor + sqft, open space, separately, ideal beauty parlour, cloth shops, Rs.1lakh, 60k. Contact: l THIRUVANMIYUR, ECR Main Road, commercial space available for rent, sq.ft., suitable for office, tuition, service center, boutique. Contact: l ALWARPET, Nungambakkam, T.Nagar, prime office sq.ft., sq.ft., fully furnished, hall, cabins, A/C, work station, conference, reception, bath attached, lift, CP. l R.A.Puram sq.ft., office for auditor, interior designers, architect etc, 3 BHK balcony, 1st floor, lift, OCP, Rs. 50K, Mandaveli, hall type, sq.ft., Ph:

l FULLY furnished, air conditioned office, sq.ft., in a prominent area in Mylapore. Contact: RENTAL/LEASE

l 1 BHK, 550 sq.ft., Door No.19/12,1st Street Narayana Samy Thottam, R.A.Puram, lease 5 lakhs, Metro water, 3 space electricity. Ph: RENTAL / RESIDENTIAL

l T.NAGAR, near Pondy Bazaar, three bedroomed flat, 3 attached bathrooms, sqft, first floor, lift, woodwork, modular kitchen, covered parking, rent Rs., immediate occupation. Contact: ,

l MYLAPORE, CIT colony, 2 BHK flat, sq.ft., 2nd floor, lift, car parking, 24 hrs water, Rent , including maintenance, vegetarians only. Contact: /

l OLD AC, TV, washing machine, fridge, battery, computer, electronic things, wooden items, paper, iron, steel, aluminium, wires, carpet box, any old items: Buying. Ph: / COMPUTER SERVICES

l DOORSTEP, one-time affordable, expertise smart service of any Laptop, Desktop. Sathish available anytime just 10 digits far . Satisfied clients only back-up for

l ONLINE advisors in mutual funds, insurance, PMS, fixed deposit, PE and Alternative investments, unlisted shares, loan against securities, tax planning, retirement planning. Ph: SENIOR CITIZENS HOME

l THREE times food, two times coffee, clothes washed by us, banks, hospital, hotels very near, no onion, garlic in good, two times doctor visit, nurse available, power backup.

l SOFA service, any sofas, any recliner sofas, any cushions, reupholstery, reconditioning, at very moderate charges. KNS Rajan Services:

l THANKS to the Sacred Heart of Jesus for Favours Received. May the Sacred Heart of Jesus be praised, loved, adored and glorified throughout the World now and forever, Amen. - Sudha Rs.300 per annum (Covers packing,

MYLAPORE TIMES May 17 - 23, MOSQUITO NET Ph: Velcro type, Window open type, Saint Gobain, S. S. Net. C L A S S I F I E D S Fixed Ad Size. Standard Design. Fixed rate - Rs.370 plus 5% GST. Only 10 Ads in this Section. Booking first come first serve basis. No block bookings. TASTY DELICACIES Ph: Delicious Vegetarian lunch & dinner delivered before 9.30 A.M & 7.30 P.M. Order @ Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner Accept function orders also NEED HELP TO ADVERTISE IN THIS Ph: Soundproof, Gensets, Inverters & Batteries

l WANTED Sales Girl, Accounts Girl, female Store incharge, job at surgical equipment store at Mylapore. Ph: .

l B.COM candidates are required for CA firms and companies, send resume through l WANTED Sales Girl for a jewellery shop in Mylapore, age 25 to 35 years, preference for unmarried, salary - pm. Contact l WANTED Female Staff for tele calling with basic computer and account knowledge. l WANTED  Female Staff, speaking Malayalam or Hindi with basic computer and account knowledge, good salary. Contact: l WANTED full time, gents Office Assistant for dispatch section, age less than 40 years, Computer knowledge preferred. Tattvãloka: /, interview:  Mon-Fri, 11am-1pm till 23.05..

l ARE you Vegetarian? Earn from the comfort of your home by cooking. Contact:

l REQUIRED experienced special educator to work as shadow teacher supporting a 8 years boy at school with mild developmental delay, good salary, location Besant Nagar. Contact: / OFFICE JOB WORK

l ARTICLE writing, address formatting, converting files, designing, excel typing, jobs & label printing E-Mail: signads@ Home Needs /

l EZUMALAI constructions (Ex. Alacrity Executive Engineer) undertakes new building constructions, old building repairs, building strengthening, alterations, renovation, terrace leak & bathroom leak rectifications, terrace water proofing works, internal, external paintings, aluminium windows, interior design cupboard works, reasonable rate, dependable. Contact: 3. PACKERS AND MOVERS

l MYLAI, Rainbow Packers: local shifting, minimum Rs. and provide closed truck, TV, 1 Fan, 1 geyser, water purifier, dismantling free, car carrier/storage. Pls call: , . All over India, 100% safe, 0% damage assuring.

l MYLAPORE, Ajay Packers: Local shifting, minimum Rs. /- and all over India, AC, fan,  1  geyser, water purifier, tube light - dismantling free, car carrier storage. Pls call: l S. S. PACKERS & Movers: shifting, R. A. Puram, Abhiramapuram, Mandaveli, Royapettah, Teynampet, Alwarpet, Mylapore, T T K Road, Adyar, Nandanam. All over Chennai - 24/7, best offers, minimum Rs. /- Ph: , ▲ MYLAPORE SOUVENIRS Call Mylapore Times - to buy / order INK ILLUSTRATIONS Ph: 2nd Career, Own boss, Associate Agency Partner, njhlu;Gf;F Contact: Chemical Tele-caller cum Admin Executive to handle inbound and outbound client calls. Proficiency in Hindi is required. Preferred experience in Product Sales, FMCG, Apartment Sales, etc. Two Wheeler must Good Salary & Incentives & Growth Opportunity EXECUTIVES - 5 ASHWINI DECORS PVT. LTD (Office @ Mylapore) Whatsapp Resume to +2/ Diploma / Degree Fresher or Experienced , SANDHYA PAINTING & CIVIL WORK 26 years experience Inside, Outside Painting. Tiles, Mosaic, Marble Repolish, Plumbing, Carpentry, PVC, Aluminium Work, Pest Control, Weather Coating, All Civil Work

MYLAPORE TIMES May 17 - 23, SUMMER CAMPS SNAPSHOTS By Preetha K. n Summer is a busy time for Jayashree – the founder of Kalaa Manjari at Abiramapuram. She has been running the summer camps ever since Kalaa Manjari’s inception 15 years ago. “Kalaa Manjari was started with the aim to give children and parents a safe place to learn multiple skills beyond academics, all under one roof,” says Jayashree. Activities in the camp include yoga, fireless cooking, craft, storytelling and phonetics. The camp is on till May 23. (Photo no. 6) n The Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan’s campus is buzzing with activities as they run not just summer camps, but also short-term courses. This year’s summer camp which focussed on multi activities like performing arts, yoga, arts and crafts, storytelling, Sloka chanting and handwriting enhancement received good response and at least 30 students were part of it. The camp concluded on May 9. (Photo no. 1) n Artist Priya Natarajan offered a new theme for her camp on art & craft – Seasonal Splendour . “My students focus on one season for two days and we cover all the five seasons – summer, winter, autumn, spring and monsoon in the camp. I wanted to create awareness about global warming in children and the camp is successfully doing that. I am also encouraging students to think about how it can be rectified,” said Priya who runs a regular art school for children. (Photo no. 3) n The Children’s Club Society on V. M. Street has been running summer camps for over 10 years now. “The response for the camps varies, depending on the sport – we had good responses for cricket and football, while the response for chess was moderate. Traditional archery camp is scheduled for the end of May. Children are greatly enthused and enjoy the sylvan surroundings of the club,” says G. Shanker, honorary secretary, The Children’s Club Society. (Photo no. 5) n Summer camps have been a part of Mahima Cultural Centre for over 15 years. Founded by Manju B, Mahima Cultural Centre has KB, daycare and tuition centres in Mylapore and Mandaveli.  With 20 students at the camp, Manju is extremely happy with the response. Manju says there is no specific age criteria for joining her summer camp. The camp which covers drawing, colouring, basic yoga, fund dancing, English handwriting, Art and craft activity and English public speaking is on till May 28. (Photo no. 2)

n The mood at the third summer camp of Golfer’s Edge Chennai (GEC) is upbeat. “We take only small batches of 2 - 8 kids max and this year have 5 kids enrolled for our second batch. We also plan to have batches in June and July for other school holidays,” says Bharath who runs Golfer’s Edge Chennai.Golfer’s Edge Chennai offers coaching packages for kids (ages 7+) and adults and provides all the equipment at no additional cost. (Photo no. 7) n Postally Hut and Madras Postcrossing Commune is holding a free workshop on philately & Postcrossing - held over five weekends, this camp is focussed on the hobbies of philately (stamp collecting) and postcrossing (sending and receiving postcards from around the world). The workshop series is being held every Sunday: it started on April 27 and ends on May 25, (timings 4 p.m. to 6 p.m.) at Chess Square zone inside Nageswara Rao Park, Luz. Themes for next two weekends - May 18: Exploring Special Covers. May 25: Postcard Journaling. Registration is mandatory. For information, contact: Mouli Priya – / Deepthi – . The workshop is organised by Dr. T. Jaisakthivel. (Photo no. 4) WATCH VIDEOS on some local Summer Camps.

MYLAPORE TIMES May 17 - 23, Regd. with Registrar of Newspapers of India /95 Published and owned by Vincent D’Souza. Publishing address - 16, 7th Cross St., Sastri Nagar, Adyar, Chennai - 20. Editor : Vincent D’Souza Published and owned by Vincent D’Souza. Publishing address - 16, 7th Cross St., Sastri Nagar, Adyar, Chennai - 20. Editor : Vincent D’Souza E- MAIL ID FOR EDITORIAL

A video and set of photos of a few women dancing on East Mada Street on one the days of the annual Panguni festival of Sri Kapaleeswarar Temple has gone viral and attracted diverse comments. During the adhikara nandi procession that took place in the morning in early April, the music of the Shiva-bhaktas motivated one woman into a simple dance mode. She was soon joined by two others and then, one more. While the musicians spread around to form a circle, the women danced in that zone and were watched by people who had gathered for the procession. While some people who watched the photos and videos later were appreciative of the women, some others were critical. THIS PANGUNI FEST VISUAL HAS GONE VIRAL This community marks May Day by saying ‘thank you’ to people who serve their area By Our Edit Team Members of Mandaveli Raja Street Residents Welfare Association’s celebrated International Workers Day on May 1 by saying thanks to 50 workers ,who serve this area and offering them lunch These included conservancy cleaners, the local istriman, vegetable and flower vendors, a postwoman, household helpers, painters, civil workers , auto drivers, watchmen and security guards of the Raja Street houses. Buttermilk was distributed to some 100 people who walked past the event area. SHARE STORIES of news and events in your area. Dr. Sridharan, a U. S.- trained allergist who uses the pen name Karpagadasan, is releasing videos of a set of devotional songs he has penned. The event is on May 18 evening, 6 p.m. onwards at Sri Kapaleeswarar Temple. Sridharan says he has written 50 devotional songs. Many of these are videographed by Jyothy TV and by himself. Many of his songs have been sung by SPB, Nithyasree, Saindhavi and Sikkil Gurucharan. These will be projected on a LED screen at the event. Amudha Surabi editor Thirupur Krishnan is giving a talk. Open to all SONGS - VIDEOS